# Automated-COVID-19-screening-framework-via-Deep-Convolutional-Neural-Network-with-Chest-X-ray
COVID-19 screening using chest X-rays plays asignificant role in the early diagnosis of COVID-19 illnessduring the ongoing pandemic. Manually identifying thisinfection from chest X-ray films is a challenging and time-consuming technique due to time restrictions and thecompetence of radiologists. Also, the manual Covid-19identification technique is made much more difficult andopaquer by the feature similarity between positive and negativechest X-ray images. Therefore, we propose an automatedCOVID-19 screening framework that utilizes artificialintelligence techniques with a transfer learning approach forCOVID-19 diagnosis using chest X-ray images. Specifically, weemploy the transfer learning concept for feature extractionbefore further processing with modified deep neural networks.Also, Grad-CAM visualization is used for our case study tosupport the predicted diagnosis. The results of the experimentson the publicly accessible dataset show that the convolutionalneural network model, which is simple yet effective, performssignificantly better than other deep learning techniques acrossall metrics, including accuracy, precision, recall, and F-measure. 

Automated COVID-19 screening framework via Deep Convolutional Neural Network with Chest X-ray Medical Images. (n.d.). Automated COVID-19 Screening Framework via Deep Convolutional Neural Network With Chest X-ray Medical Images | IEEE Conference Publication | IEEE Xplore. https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10067528
